翻译数据存储 FAQ 以及商店自动通知文档 (#874)
taptap/tds-docs: .ci/hk/en/store/store-notifications.mdx

---
title: Description of the Platform's automated notifications
sidebar_position: 31
---

import { Blue } from "/src/docComponents/doc";

> TapTap platform will trigger automatic notifications based on the developer's operational behavior. Currently, the platform will send automatic notifications based on the following scenarios. Currently, the platform sends automatic notifications based on the following scenarios. Developers can independently configure whether to receive notifications according to their actual needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TapTap will trigger automatic notifications based on the developer's operational behavior. Currently, the platform sends automatic notifications based on the following scenarios. Developers can independently configure whether to receive notifications according to their actual needs.
```

> - Regarding the object of sending notifications: Currently, the platform notifications are mainly directed to the roles of vendor supervisors and game master administrators, etc. Developers can go to the backstage <Blue>Permission Management</Blue> module to configure the required roles independently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Regarding sending objects: Currently, the platform notifications are mainly directed to the roles of super administrators and game master administrators, etc. Developers can go to the backstage <Blue>Manage Permissions</Blue> module to configure the required roles independently.
```

> - About sending forms: Currently, the platform supports sending forms such as email and internal mail, and developers can go to the background <Blue>Message Center-Reception Settings</Blue> module to manage the relevant contact information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- About sending forms: Now the platform supports sending forms such as email and in-site messages. Developers can go to the background <Blue>Message Center-Reception Settings</Blue> module to manage the relevant contact information.
```

## Description of Automatic Notification Types

一、 Developer Onboarding and Profile Management

> | Notification Name                                          | Scene                                                                                            | Object                                           |  Send Form |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name of Notifications                                         | Scene                                                                                            | Object                                           |  Send Form |
```

| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------ | ------------ |

> | Notification of Developer Onboarding Audit Passed          | Become a Certified Developer Audit Passed                                                        | Users Submitted to Become a Certified Developer  | Mailbox |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notification of Developer Onboarding Audit Passed          | Become a Certified Developer Audit Passed                                                        | Users who Submit to Become a Certified Developer  | Mailbox |
```

> | Notification of Developer Onboarding Audit Failure         | Failed to Become a Certified Developer                                                           | Users Submitting to Become a Certified Developer | Email |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notification of Developer Onboarding Audit Failure         | Fail to Become a Certified Developer                                                           | Users who Submit to Become a Certified Developer | Email |
```

> | Notification of Developer Information Change Audit Passed  | For those developers who are already onboarded, submit Developer Information Change Audit Passed | Vendor Supervisor                                | Email, Messages |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notification of Approval of Developer Information Change Review  | For developers who have settled in, submit Developer Information Change Review and Review has been Passed | Super Administrator                                | Email, In-site Messages |
```

> | Notification of Developer Information Change Audit Failure | Incoming Developers, Submit Developer Information Change Audit Failure                           | Vendor Supervisor                                | Email, Messages |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notification of Developer Information Change Review Failure | The settled developer submitted a review for the change of developer information, but the review failed.                           | Super Administrator                               | Email, In-site Messages |
```

二、Games on the Shelf

> | Name of notice      | take                                             | boyfriend       | Form of transmission   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name of Notifications      | Scene                                             | Object       | Send Form   |
```

| ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------ | ---------- | ------------ |

> | Notification of Game Approval | After the developer submits the game, the game is reviewed and approved                   | gamemaster | E-mail、internal mail |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notification of Game Approval | After the developer submits the game, the game is reviewed and approved                   | Game Administrator | E-mail、In-site Message |
```

> | Game Review Failure Notification | Game review fails after developer submits game                   | gamemaster | E-mail、internal mail |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Game Review Failure Notification | Game review is rejected after developer submits game                   | Game Administrator | E-mail、In-site Message |
```

> | Game Timing Notification | The game is set to go live at regular intervals, and after the audit is approved, it reaches the time when it is timed to go live | gamemaster | E-mail、internal mail |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Game Timing Notification | The game is set to go on shelves at a scheduled time. After passing the review, it reaches the time when it is timed to go live | Game Administrator | E-mail、In-site Message |
```
